Update CAD boilerplate template to include instruction on deploying contract (#546)
aptos-labs/developer-docs: apps/nextra/pages/en/build/create-aptos-dapp/templates/boilerplate.mdx

```

The CLI will prompt you to provide the private key for your wallet in order for the tool to publish the contract on your behalf. If you provide no input, it will generate one for you.

This will create an account you will later publish the contract with, as well as setting the `VITE_MODULE_ADDRESS` in the `.env` file to set the contract object address.

For example:
```bash filename=".env"
PROJECT_NAME=my-aptos-dapp
VITE_APP_NETWORK=testnet
```

### On the project root folder, run the below command to publish the contract.

```bash
npm run move:publish
```
<Callout type="info">
You will have to confirm the gas fee in the console.
</Callout>

This command will publish the contract to chain.

### Run the app and open the preview.

```bash
npm run dev
```

</Steps>

### Building the frontend

The boilerplate template utilizes React as the frontend framework and Vite as the development tool, and is styled with [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) and [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/).
All dapp components should be added into the `components` folder and it is recommended to create a `page` folder to hold all future pages in your project.

### Writing a Move contract

> The boilerplate template comes with a `move` folder that holds all Move related files. Under the `sources` folder you will find a `.move` file with a super basic implementation of a Move module that lets you store a message and update it. This is to help you with to get started with writing your own Smart Contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The boilerplate template comes with a `move` folder that holds all Move related files. Under the `sources` folder you will find a `.move` file with a super basic implementation of a Move module that stores a message and updates it. This is to help you get started with writing your own Smart Contract.
```
